George catches a cold
Today, it is raining a little bit.
Peppa, George,
Put your rain clothes on.
With rains, Peppa and George must
wear their rain clothes.
George does not like
wearing his rain hat.
George, you must keep your hat on.
Why?
Because you must keep dry.
Because you might catch a cold.
Why?
George, do you want to
play in the garden?
Then keep your hat on.
Come on, George.
Peppa and George are going to
jump in muddy puddles.
Yak
George does not want to
wear his rain hat.
Peppa, George, come inside.
The rain is too heavy to play out.
Oh, George,
where is your hat?
George has caught a cold.
Oh, poor little george!
You don't sound well.
Don't worry.
I'll ring Doctor. Brown Bear.
Doctor Brown Bear speaking.
I see. Put George to bed
and I'll be straight round.
Thank you Doctor Brown Bear,
Good bye.
Would george be taken to hospital
and given medicine?
No, George just has to go to bed.
Oh, so George is not
really properly ill.
That. S disgusting!
Poor George,
Let's give you straight to bed.
George, you have to
stay in bed for a bit.
No.
George does not
want to stay in bed.
George, you have to stay in bed
until you are better.
Why?
Because you have to keep warm.
Uhh...
because Doctor Brown bearsaid so.
Hello! Where is my patient?
Open wide and say Ah...
George is a little bit worried.
En, Peppa, you are big and brave,
can you show George how to say Ah...
Of cause. Ah...
Ah...
George has caught a cold.
Does George need medicine?
No, but he can have some nice warm milk
get to bedtime to help him to sleep.
Thank you Doctor Brown Bear.
You are welcome. Good bye!
George has been in bed all day.
Now it is Peppa's bedtime.
George, are you better?
George is not better.
George, please don't sneeze
so loudly.
This is impossible.
George. It's a nice warm milk
to help you sleep.
The warm milk makes George
feel very very sleepy.
Good night, my little piggies.
It's so nice in quiet.
It's morning.
George has slept very well.
George is better.
Come on everyone!
It's a lovely sunny day!
George is wearing his rain hat.
He doesn't want to
catch anothercold.
Oh, George,
you don't need to wear your hat.
Why?
Because it's hot and sunny!
George, can you stop saying why
all the time?
Why?
George certainly is better.